When considering dropping columns,
it's useful to consider what proportion of the column is missing.
If only 5 percent of a column is missing,
then it probably isn't one that you want to drop.
Especially, if it's a particularly interesting column for the questions that you have.
It would be a shame to drop it.
However, if say, 90 percent of the column is missing,
well, now we have a reason to consider dropping that column.
What if there's 50 percent of the values missing?
Should we remove this column?
Will we lose a bunch of information by removing it?
No matter how much data is missing,
attempting to create an informative feature of
the missing information is a useful strategy.
You may want to create a dummy variable,
that indicates which rows have missing values.
Here, this new column is a one if the original had a missing value,
and a zero otherwise.
This may very well improve your predictions over a model that simply remove this column.
If it doesn't, then at least you tried,
and we can feel confident that
the missing information wasn't a useful indicator for prediction.